[docs] Add a note about reproducibility of the simulations (#354)
NumericalEarth/Breeze.jl: docs/src/reproducibility.md

# [Reproducibility of Breeze.jl models](@id reproducibility)

> `Breeze.jl` cannot guarantee full reproducibility of its atmospheric models, especially for long-running simulations, due to their [chaotic nature](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaos_theory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Breeze.jl` cannot guarantee _bitwise_ reproducibility of atmospheric simulations across Julia versions and machine architectures.
For [chaotic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaos_theory) simulations, bitwise differences between two initially identical solutions can amplify, leading to qualitatively different trajectories after long simulation times.
```
